Update change log for `0.1.0` release (#424)
Snapchat/GiGL: CHANGELOG.md

* support setting scheduling_strategy by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/371
* Add BqUtils.copy_table to enable (more efficient?) table copies by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/377
* Add Distributed Model Parallel Tests for models_test.py by @swong3-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/363
* Manually log VAI pipeline runs by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/384
* Gowalla BigQuery loader script by @swong3-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/381
* Add `compute_cluster_local_world_size` to `VertexAiGraphStoreConfig` and `GraphStoreInfo` by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/380
* Add `create_test_process_group` and swap Loader tests away from DistContext by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/376
* Break up unit tests into separate runners for python and scala by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/361
* Add types to SortedDict and add tests by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/391
* Add remote_dataset for graph store mode by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/386

### Fixed

> * Kmonte/fix install by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/270

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow installs from non-GiGL root by @kmontemayor2-sc in https://github.com/Snapchat/GiGL/pull/270
```
